YOU GOT THE SPIRITUAL HIPPIE!Waking up at noon to the sound of mother nature outside your window. You sip some tea as you find your spot in the sun. Soaking in its warmth you clear your mind and meditate. You and the universe are aligned. So much so, that you decide to learn from your spirit guides at a tarot card reading. The exchange of energies can sure work up an appetite! You head over to your favorite vegan spor to grub on some tofu curry! Still riding the high from your perfectd you stop by your local rescue shelter to volunteer. Furry friends are the best friends! Tired byt full of gratitude you head home to light candles and soak in a your favorite LUSH bath scents. The rest of the night you catch up on your favorite shows and stargaze on your balcony.SOUNDTRACK: DameLove by Girl Ultra & CucoYOU GOT THE OVERACHIEVER!They say early bird gets the worm! You might as well invented that saying. You greet the sun as you come out of your 7am spin class. Having worked up an appetite you go home to eat your overnight oats and catch up on the stock market. Mo Money, Mo Problems. More like more money, no problems! To be great you have to study the greats so you head over to the Musuem of Modern Art to Unwind. Then you hit you up your fave salad bar on your way to your spa appointment. Greens and relaxation? Sounds like heaven! Refreshed and ready to tackle tommorrow you head home to organize your planner for the week. You squeeze in an episode of Scandal before its lights out by 10pm.SOUNDTRACK: Good as hell by LizzoYOU GOT THE SOCIAL BUTTERFLY!Your alarm goes off at 8am. Alexa! Play 'My Jams Playlsit'. You dance and singalong your room as you get ready for the day. You pick out an outfit worthy of the most instagrammable brunch spot in the the city. Then you are on your way to meet up with your group of friends! You love meeting new people as join meetup to find your next place to hit up. After you get in a good workout. Goat yoga anyone? Animals + friends are the perfect combination. As the sun comes down, your phone blows up with the lastest plans for tonight. Trivia night with coworkers? Of course you'll join them. After kicking butt at the bar, you head home for one last solo dance party and in bed by midnight. Afterall you do have work in the morning!SOUNDTRACK: About Work the Dancefloor by GeorgiaYOU GOT THE WILD CHILD!Drake came up with YOLO after he spent a week with you! Responsibility isn't in your vocabulary as you sleep in 'till 2pm. Tired from the night before you stumble to your coffee machine. Is it too early for Tinder? Never! You set up a hot date as you hit up your friend to go shopping later. You need a new outfit for tonight! After a quick day of dates and socializing, you rush back home hoping to beat your postmates guy. Italian for the win! Ding! You get a message from the squad saying they are otw. Tequila everyone? You pregame at your place and head to the city's hottest spot. Ready for another sunrise? Cause the club is jumping tonight!SOUNDTRACK: Mera by Tainy, Dalex, and Alvaro Diaz